this project is going to change the way
we commute here in Central Florida I for
is the backbone of Central Florida for
transportation nobody travels to Orlando
without using i-4
we have begun building a better eye for
Interstate 4 will be completely
transformed along a 21 mile stretch from
Kirkman Road to State Road 434 this
much-needed makeover will include adding
Express lanes reconstructing 15
interchanges building dozens of new
bridges and improving safety to create a
signature corridor I four was built in
the early 60s it wasn't built to handle
the volume of traffic that it handles
today so what we're going to do is not
just add the express lanes we're gonna
reconstruct the entire I four corridor
the interchanges will be wider
there will be more lanes within the
interchanges the curves will be softer
or gentler it will be just an easier
ride at a more smooth ride this is an
improvement that's going to be here for
the next 50 60 years and it's gonna be a
long-term improvement and you're going
to see it once we're completed with
construction you're gonna immediately
see the improvements but they're going
to be around for decades to come all
regular lanes will remain open during
peak travel times but now is your time
to prepare because I for will be
changing stay informed about the project
by logging on to i-4 ultimate com the
website has information about the entire
21 mile corridor and what changes will
be made on the website sign up for route
specific text and email alerts text or
email alerts will notify you of
construction impacts that will change
your regular i-4 Drive and sign up for
the e-newsletter to get up-to-date info
on the project because I for ultimate
construction may affect your daily
commute look at alternative ways to get
to work like ride-sharing Sun rail or
links find out how i-4 ultimate
construction will affect you
they're keeping lanes open as they are
now there'll be a lot of night work
which will be good but it's still going
to be a little painful for six and a
half years for this size project 21
miles is
that bad our commitment is to maintain
the traveling public safety and mobility
as our primary focus and we're going to
be communicating with the traveling
public when as much than whenever
possible to tell them exactly what we're
doing and then actually execute what we
told them that we're going to do we're
doing everything we can to make sure
they're safe and if they pay attention
and follow the rules of the road they'll
make sure that we're safe and together
we can get through them when we're done
it's really going to make a big
difference in how we travel through
Central Florida
you